*Q.1
**a counter = 0x80000000 in "Locals" window
**b R1 = 0x80000000 in "Registers" window
**c Two flags are set namely, APSR.N = 0b1 and APSR.V = 0b1. Rest of the flags are all 0. N flag is set when the instruction execution results in a bit[31] set to 1. The V flag is set when overflow of result occurs. This flag is set when a signed overflow occurs i.e. when APSR.N bit is set.

*Q.2
**a counter = 0x00000000 in "Locals" window
**b Two flags are set namely, APSR.Z = 0b1 and APSR.C = 0b1. Rest of the flags are all 0. Z flag is set when the instruction execution results in a bit[31] set to 0. The C flag is set when carry over of result occurs. This flag is set when a carry overflow occurs i.e. when APSR.C bit is set.

*Q.3
**a counter = 0x80000000 in "Locals" window
**b Two flags are set namely, APSR.N = 0b1 and APSR.V = 0b1. Rest of the flags are all 0. N flag is set when the instruction execution results in a bit[31] set to 1. The V flag is set when overflow of result occurs. This flag is set when a signed overflow occurs i.e. when APSR.N bit is set. We can conclude that at higher level integer declaration, signed and unsigned, do not impact at bit level. The user (in this case C compiler) will interprete and take correct actions.

*Q.4
**a counter = 0x00000000 in "Locals" window
**b Two flags are set namely, APSR.Z = 0b1 and APSR.C = 0b1. Rest of the flags are all 0. Z flag is set when the instruction execution results in a bit[31] set to 0. The C flag is set when carry over of result occurs. This flag is set when a carry overflow occurs i.e. when APSR.C bit is set. We can conclude that at higher level integer declaration, signed and unsigned, do not impact at bit level. The user (in this case C compiler) will interprete and take correct actions.

*Q.5
**a The variable counter is global and inititialized to a value 0x0.
**b Since the counter variable scope is global, it is no longer visible in "Locals" view.
**c We can track the counter variable either in "Watch" window or directly at RAM location in "Memory" window. The address of counter vriable in RAM can be indetified eitehr from diassembly window or watch window.
**d Address of counter variable is 0x20000000

*Q.6
**a The value of "counter" variable at the end of the program is 0x00000004 at address ox20000000
**b We have a pointer the points to the address where "counter" value is stored. First few steps in program ++(*p_int) tells the compiler that fetch and increment the value pointed by pointer p_int.This type of arithmatic is useful in case of memory mapped variables.

*Q.7
**a The "counter" variable is stored at an address 0x20000000
**b The "counter" variable is stored at an address 0x20000000. The memory map for STM32L475 releveals that the RAM starting address is 0x20000000 so we can conclude that the variable "counter" is stored in RAM.
**c The value of the "counter" variable at the end of the program is 0x00000004


 